# Tamagotchi-Pet

There will be 4 different species that you can choose from. There will be 3 characteristics shared (name, hunger, and tiredness) and an individual one for each animal. All the species will be derived from Pet, which many pure virtual functions, like isHungry() or isTired() because some animals eat more so they will be hungry faster or slower. Each animal will have a function, like play or walk, that may make it hungrier and more tired I will also have a battle and use the random tools to choose a winner and the move that animal used. There is also a constructor and default constructors for each pet that assigns default values or assigns values to the animals. There are also setters for them. The makeNoise() function will output the noise the pet makes, like “Roar” or something. The output() function will say like “<name> is hungry” when the hunger level drops below a certain number. When isHungry() returns true. Same thing with boredom or if the pet wants a walk or something. The print() function will output a picture of the pet using ASCII art. The pet will also be making its respective noise. The main function will be open to make pets and play around with. I will not be implementing it for you.

In my preliminary plan, I included setter functions. Eventually I realized that I don’t need it and took it off. My overloaded constructors were also not needed except to set the pet’s name so I made my overloading constructors take only a string. I didn’t make my hunger, tiredness and want to do whatever decrease to simulate the passage of time, but rather I decrease or increase them when the pet is doing an activity or eating or is sleeping. I also removed the getter functions because we do not need them except for get name. I did not feel the need to save data to another file because the game is pretty simple and you can’t really lose your memory. But I just included a file to save the name because the instructions told us to. I had to implement one function with pointers, so now the whole “game” will use -> notation. It is kind of a game that teaches people how do use pointers in C++ although it’s pretty easy because there’s only one way you can really use the pointers. It’s only the species* variable = new species. And ->. It is where you have to type in the code in the main method. But I already commented instructions at the top of the main method for how to use my program and what to type in the main method. I also said which functions you can use. The pet doesn’t die. The hunger and tiredness and stuff can also go to negative values, but that doesn’t do anything. There was one abstract pet class and derived Dragon, dinosaur, dolphin, and Dan classes. The Dragon has a special variable and method for flying, the dinosaur has a variable and method for walking because you have to walk your dinosaur, dolphins are playful so do you have a variable and method for playing and Dans like to teach, so they have available and method for teaching.
